Right...
Kitagawa-san, you were very beautiful.
Huh?
Huh...?
Episode 6
For Real?!
Gojo Dolls Um, are you sure about this?
I can do it.
Yup! It's totes fine.
I'm the one who wore it, so I should wash it, too.
All right. Thank you very much.
First, let's wash the wig.
'Kay.
"Pour fabric softener into cold or warm water,"
Lonoa Eliminates Odors
"and then, gently wash a wig that's been combed through by pressing on it."
L-Like this?
Yes.
"Rubbing it against the bottom or squeezing too much will damage it, so please take care."
"Next, change out the water and continue to press on it,"
"place it inside a towel to get rid of any moisture,"
"then lastly, let it dry in the shade, and you're done."
Oh, sweet. That's super easy.
I figured it'd be way harder—
"Outfits will get sweat stains, so let's wash those by hand, too..." I see.
Oh, apparently washing your wig too often isn't good for it, either.
Huh?
Seriously?
That's why you fell over?
Whaddya mean? They were ladies' undergarments!
They were stockings, right?
That's no big deal at all.
Wacchan's a high school boy.
It's not unusual for him to have a pair or two.
Is that so?
I'm home.
Oh hey, Gramps. Welcome home.
Sorry for being away from the shop for two weeks.
Hiya!
Wakana!
Ketopro Tape External Medicine - 7 Strips Kaoru Gojo
Ah, I see.
So that's all.
Sorry for raising my voice like that, Marin-chan.
No worries at all!
I just thought...
We didn't do anything inappropriate.
Yeah, I can see that, looking at this.
Still, I'm impressed you made this. It's some fine work.
I've still got a lot to work on, though.
You think so? It looks fine to me.
I mean, like here and here.
I almost ended up using glue like I usually do.
Ah, yeah. I can see why.
Definitely a different beast than hina dolls, though.
Yeah.
There are so many curved lines, This is just...
so I couldn't figure out how to get the right shape.
Oh, this part, too.
Ah, I see.
Oh, shit...
I guess you usually deal with straight lines.
Badump Badump Badump Badump
Oh, shit! I'm totally head over heels for Gojo-kun!
Huh? What?! No way, what?!
I like him? Do I like love him?!
Like wuv him?!
But oh, my God! He talks so much with his grandpa!
Wait, no I seriously can't. Wait, wait, wait...
He's so freakin' adorable!
Oh, my God!
I wuv Gojo-kun!
Man, this is exhausting!
Like, what am I going to do?!
I seriously can't right now!
Gurgle...
Are you hungry, Kitagawa-san?
Uh—
Death Kill me now!
Wanna have dinner at our place?
Huh?
Yeah, you're already here, so you should stay.
Huh? Uh...
Let's eat!
So good! Gojo-kun, you can cook, too? Dude, you're a god!
It's not a big deal. My parents are gone, so I just do all the cooking.
It's not that impressive.
For real? Guess you're like me, then.
Huh?
Well, my mom got sick and died a while ago, so I was living alone with my dad.
But when I got into high school, he had to transfer for his job.
He's away for work, so I basically live by myself.
Sorry, Marin!
Oh, this kabocha squash is good, too!
That must be rough.
You getting proper meals?
Yup!
Mostly from the convenience store,
but when I'm not working, I cook for myself.
This is natto and frozen fried rice topped with some frozen fried chicken and wieners.
Greasy... Mushy...
I got so hooked on this before that it's all I ate for a while.
Believe it or not, I can cook and stuff.
Are you really okay?
You sure your body's holdin' up okay?
Totally!
Rich Coffee Milk Rich Mango Yogurt
I even drink milk and eat yogurt every day,
so I'm totes fine!
Marin-chan, why not come over here for dinner from now on?
You don't mind, do you, Wakana?
Uh, sure.
Let's do that, Kitagawa-san.
Really? You don't mind?!
Score!
Thanks for walking me to the station, Gojo-kun.
It's no problem.
Sorry to keep you out so late.
Oh, no worries!
Dinner was yummy and I had lots of fun talking to your grandpa.
Gojo-kun!
Yes?
I'll...
I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?
Sure.
See ya!
Huh? What even was that?
That was a totally normal conversation.
Why can't I pull myself together?
We didn't do anything inappropriate.
"Anything inappropriate," huh?
What if we did, though?
And what if I actually said that?
Of course, it starts pouring right when I decide to go out, for cryin' out loud.
A student at our shop all by herself?
Is she a friend of Wakana's?
You okay there, Missy?
I'm home.
Welcome back.
I'mma head out for a bit.
And you've got a friend waiting for you.
Huh?
Poor thing was soaked to the bone,
so I offered our bath.
Make sure you prep your friend something to drink, too.
Gramps...
Who did you let into the house?
Kitagawa-san said she had work today,
and I don't have a friend other than her.
Oh, no!
Are they a con artist? A new-age burglary scheme?
Did they pull one over on him?!
Huh? A kid?
Hey—
Hey, Gramps.
Why doesn't this hina doll have any hair?
Ah, that's because we do their face and hair separately.
We draw her face, then apply her hair.
Oh, I see!
That's why she's so silky smooth!
...silky smooth!
I...
I-I am so sorry... Wh-What brings you here today?
Th-The outfits.
You're the one making them, right?
Oh, I see!
She's here to see how hina dolls are made.
I see!
She's by herself, so Gramps must've assumed that she was my friend.
Yes, I am!
Just a moment, please.
Okay, could I get your name and your school's name?
Sajuna Inui.
I'm a second-year at Sakuranomiya Girls' High School.
O-Oh, she's older than me... What?
Oh, it's nothing.
Happy Kids!! 100% Apple Juice And you?
My name is Wakana Gojo.
I'm a first-year in high school.
Um, if you wanted to see the outfits, we can see them right away.
Just some of them, though.
Wait, really?!
I wanna see 'em right away!
Sure!
Here you go!
Take as much time as you'd like.
It really does make me happy when people are so interested in hina dolls.
Those dolls...
They don't have heads.
Oh, their heads are right over there.
They're made separately and combined later.
That's a bit... grotesque.
Oh, whoa. This kimono has Swarovski crystals.
That one has lace.
I guess these are pretty different, now.
Yes!
We do make some modern ones to keep up with the times.
Can I take a closer look?
Go right ahead.
Oh, don't worry. I won't touch them.
I'm sure they're quite valuable.
Your consideration is much appreciated.
They're so pretty and lovely.
I really like these.
You have a great eye!
Those are quite popular!
I knew it!
They totally catch your eye! How strange!
They're so beautiful that I love them, too.
Oh, and these dolls over here—
Why are we looking at hina dolls?
Because this is a hina doll shop... I know that!
But I was talking about cosplay outfits!
This one!
You made it, right?
I came here to order a cosplay from you!
O-Order?
I'm not making cosplay outfits as a business, though...
You saw... didn't you?
Huh?
E-Earlier in the bathroom... Y-You saw my...
Voyeurism... Yeah, you're a peeping Tom!
If I report you, you're gonna get arrested!
Huh? W-Wait!
No one else has ever seen me like that...
Wakana Gojo.
If you don't want the police to find out...
You will make me, Juju, an outfit!
Huh?
Juju?
I love her so much!
Juju...
is the cosplayer that Kitagawa-san said she liked...
Is that really her?
She looks very young.
How old do you think she is?
Hm... Maybe in middle school?
She might even be in grade school.
Huh?
I'm so sorry.
About what?
So, um... What brings you here, Juju-san?
How did you find out where I lived?
Huh?
Well, uh...
That Marine girl's cosplay photo was going around.
Huh?
Who the heck is this?
Shizuku-tan Cosplay~ ♥♥ #SlipperyGirl #SlipperyGirls #SlipperyGirlsCosplay
63 Retweets        312 Likes
She tweeted that she was going to a cosplay event after that,
so I went because I wanted to see the outfit close up.
And then... My chest is literally about to burst.
Of course it is!
I made that to fit you perfectly...
And then I found out that you made it, Gojo Dolls
so I followed you home.
I'm sorry.
These girls and their tenacity!
Let's not do this!
Is there anything you'd like to eat tonight?
I'll eat whatever you make, Gojo-kun!
Koyomi's food is the best
I'll be right over after work ♥♥♥
Understood.
Done with work~!! Heading over to your place now ♥♥
For real?!
This is Sajuna Inui-san.
Hey!
Don't go telling her my real name!
I use a cosplay name for a reason—
Wait, Juju-sama, your name is Sajuna?!
"Sama"?
Damn, that's so cute!
My name is Marin Kitagawa and I for real love you so much!
I'm your biggest fan!
Wait, too close—
Oh, my God!
You're really like, a pretty little girl in real life!
You're so cute!
Your skin's flawless!
Your hair's so fine!
Wait, did you pick Juju because your name is Sajuna?!
I-I didn't give myself that name...
Apparently, Inui-san saw your photos, Kitagawa-san.
That's why she came here.
This cosplay goddess... saw my photos?!
Juju-sama, you actually knew of my existence?!
Holy crap! That makes me so happy!
I-I just happened to see them... Also, you follow me—
I can't right now! I'm so embarrassed!
Seriously, you're way too close!
Don't get the wrong idea!
It's not you I'm interested in,
it's the costumes Wakana Gojo makes!
Your eyes are huge... You are so cute...
Would you listen?!
Wakana Gojo.
I want you to make Shion Nikaido's Black Lily outfit for me.
What?! Shion-tan?!
Shion-tan? Isn't that...
Yup! Shion-tan from Flower Princess Blaze!!
It's popular with little girls. You don't know it?
I'm terribly sorry. I don't know much about anime...
Princess Lily!
Shion Nikaido is a character who appears in Flower Princess Blaze!!
She and the protagonist Mirai fight together
by becoming the Magical Girls Flower Princesses.
I'll make sure you can never stand before the proud lily ever again!
Magical Girl...
Princess Lily!
But... Does that mean...
I've been fighting you this whole time, Sister?!
She finds out that her beloved older sister Neon is the enemy...
But Sister, why?!
She's totally open!
Shion... You know this yourself.
Happiness never lasts forever.
Our false family,
and everyone looking down on us...
Is that truly what you wanted to protect?
No... Stop!
In reality, I wanted destruction...
To destroy everything.
N-No!
I-I guess Black Lily's bursting onto the scene...
You wanted to taint everything, didn't you?
So they'd match the color of your heart...
An ebony as dark as the abyss.
The popularity of the Nikaido Sisters exploded among grade school girls and adult males when it originally aired
Yeah, exactly!
Neon-oneetama originally became an enemy
after her flower jewel was tainted from the shock of a broken heart.
It's super tragic.
I guess she knows her stuff.
I see...
I figured she was the type that didn't know anything about the original work or characters
I love Neon-oneetama so much!
I mean, anyone would break after getting their heart broken like that.
and just wanted to cosplay the characters because their outfits were cute.
Neon-oneetama must have gotten her heart broken really badly.
She totally did!
Two of her childhood guy friends were totally dating!
Huh?!
I mean, it's not written anywhere officially,
but you totally get it when you see it!
Yup.
You sure do.
Soma Princess Rose Sakuya Flower Pet
Shion (Princess Lily)
Protagonist Mirai (Princess Daisy)
Neon (Black Lobelia)
Princess Anemone Princess Azalea Teacher Sisters
Childhood Friends Siblings BFFs Rivals Brainwashed
Dating
The relationships in Blaze are pretty complicated.
Mirai-taso and Shion-tan are super in love with Sakuya-kun.
They hardcore fight over this boy!
But Sakuya-kun is totally with Soma-oniichan
so they're doomed from the start.
And let's not forget that Onee-tama had a mad crush on Soma-oniichan.
O-Oh, I see.
This is for little girls?
Shion is a genius,
but she always gets screwed because she had a rough life.
But the fact that Shion can always smile like a little brat no matter what
made me love her more than any of the other magical girls.
That's why I don't want to compromise.
Even if you buy the official Black Lily's outfit, it's hard to alter.
That's why I want you to make one that fits me perfectly.
Juju-sama as Black Lily? I could just die!
I would kill to see that!
Well, you do love Shion-tan very much, Kitagawa-san.
You even have her all over your bag.
If you like her so much, why don't you cosplay her?
Yeah, I won't be doing that.
Why?
I'm pretty tall, and not to mention,
don't I seem way off from Shion-tan's small and delicate demeanor?
I do think ignoring that and cosplaying characters you love anyway is valid, too...
But in my case,
I love her so much, I don't want to destroy her image.
If I'm actually gonna cosplay someone,
I wanna get as close as possible to them.
And if we're talking about Blaze, I totally wanna be Neon-oneetama!
What the hell?
Why are you stating the obvious?!
Oh, God!
She's the kind of cosplayer that I absolutely love!
I didn't know a thing about her
and just decided that she wasn't serious about cosplaying at all.
She's not some annoying bitch at all!
I'm so sowwy! Pwease fowgive me!
For what, exactly?
Okay, I'm going home.
Right.
Your uniform should by dry by now, so I'll go and grab it.
Wakana Gojo.
Yes?
Give me your contact info.
I'll send you more info on Black Lily and my sizes.
Oh, sure.
Don't get the wrong idea.
This is just so we can talk about the outfit.
Huh?
The wrong idea about what?
About what?
Aren't you two dating?
N-N-No! We aren't!
A-Also, I-I've never actually gone steady with anyone before!
One steady... Two steadys...
I apparently had the super wrong idea.
Three steadys... Sorry.
It's fine... Four steadys...
What?
Teehee Teehee Teehee
You don't have a girlfriend right now, Gojo-kun? For real?
Was it that amusing?
Is she an annoying bitch after all?
Oh, hey. Juju-sama!
What?
Um...
You know how I said I'd like to cosplay Neon-oneetama from Blaze?
Yes?
I'll cosplay Neon-oneetama...
So, will you cosplay Blaze with me—
No!
Dude, you shot me down before I even finished asking!
Episode 7
Holy Crap, I'm on a Date at Home With the Guy I Wuv
Next time!